post-merge updates: community support page (#7478)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/community/support/index.md

#### How do I mine Ethereum? {#mining-ethereum}

> Ethereum mining is no longer possible. Ethereum mining was switched off when the network moved from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake. Now, instead of miners, Ethereum has validators. Validators stake ether and receive staking rewards for securing the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ethereum mining is no longer possible. Mining was switched off when Ethereum moved from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake. Now, instead of miners, Ethereum has validators. Validators stake ETH and receive staking rewards for securing the network.
```

> #### How do I become a staker/validator?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### How do I become a staker/validator? {#become-validator}
```

> To become a validator you are required to stake 32 ETH in the Ethereum deposit contract and set up a validator node. More information is available on our [staking pages](/staking) and at the staking [launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To become a validator, you must stake 32 ETH in the Ethereum deposit contract and set up a validator node. More information is available on our [staking pages](/staking) and at [the staking launchpad](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/).
```

Reviewer: Should we mention alternatives like liquid staking here?
